Refactor:
Top down
    Pages should only have components and layout structs , logic seperated
    Add proptypes to subcomponents
    If a component is modular (pass props) make it a new component
    re-names to be more precise
        shiparchive
        shipdetail
        ^^^ we'll keep them seperate for dev reasons
    refactor asset code
    
features broken:
    selecting skins in ship resume does not work:
        default 'background' should not appear at all; is for secretary modes

qol looking foward to:
    fix search/archives background
        research proper image backgrounding from outside code
    force skill icons to be consistent size
    make gallery popup into a modal (with 'view full image' as a url option)
    make 'meta' dev tab not be really big
    
new major features:
    fill in 'more info' about ships
    ship filter tabs
    remove banners from deployed version

code:
    sys libs at Top
    \n newline
    hooks / asssets
    \n newline
    components

filter:
    how do we do text search rn?
    can we generalize that function into a hook file
    okay we can store the display list as a list of bools to save memory
    this is ok for 1 type of filter (search)
    
    ok but it's a fixed size so we can make this work
    
    hm this is a problem for sorting though...
    
    okay we'll map id's to booleans
    how do we sort tho?
    
    psuedo:
        - assuming storage is { id: visible}
        - take the full list and sort by param
            > returns list of ids in order
        - walk through list and filter
        
        ... filter first is more performant
        sort should be last, but cost more data

        oh yeah sort can reference idx too...

        list is only 600 eles it's basically static

        so 1. search 2. filter 3. sort
        actually by user input it's either do search, or do filter first, depending on user mode

        runtime is 600xScalar
        performance isn't THAT important
        except for search

        future...
            WHAT IF WE ALL SEARCH TAGS?
            ... tags are just filters tho...

        onClick OK -> sort (pass function)
        take list (post filter ; whatever; call sort!)

    last time on dragon ball z:
        extra filters are in progress:
            to make a custom checkbox handler / group item
                needs to special code to allow 'all' and 'none' behavior
                    selecting these buttons disables all other buttons
            need to make a handler code 
            perhaps generealize filter code to support (based on text search mode)

consider removing id wrapping, just pass the entire ship, quick and dirty
deal with performance later
